Add How to use required section (#1421)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/select.md

export class AppModule {}
```

Then all that is needed is to define an `<igx-select>` and several items. We use an [`IgxSelectItemComponent`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxselectitemcomponent.html) to display the items that `igx-select` operates on.
```html
<!-- define items declaratively -->
<igx-select>
    <igx-select-item value="Orange">Orange</igx-select-item>
    <igx-select-item value="Apple">Apple</igx-select-item>
    <igx-select-item value="Banana">Banana</igx-select-item>
</igx-select>
```

Another way to do it would be to use a collection of the items that we want to display with the [ngForOf](https://angular.io/api/common/NgForOf) directive:

```typescript
public items: string[] = ["Orange", "Apple", "Banana", "Mango"];
```

```html
<igx-select [(ngModel)]="selected">
    <igx-select-item *ngFor="let item of items" [value]="item">
        {{item}}
    </igx-select-item>
</igx-select>
```

> Additionally, the above sample illustrates two-way data-binding via `ngModel`. What is more, you can use the Select component in [`Angular Forms`](#select-in-angular-forms) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the above sample illustrates two-way data-binding via `ngModel`. What is more, you can use the Select component in [`Angular Forms`](#select-in-angular-forms).
```

    <label igxLabel>Pick a fruit</label>
    <igx-prefix>
        <igx-icon color="green" style="width:48px; height:32px;">BIO</igx-icon>
    </igx-prefix>
    <igx-suffix *ngIf="selected">
        <igx-icon (click)="clearSelection($event)">clear</igx-icon>
    </igx-suffix>
    <igx-select-item *ngFor="let item of items" [value]="item">
        {{item}}
    </igx-select-item>
</igx-select>
```

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height: 350px;">
    <iframe id="select-input-directives-iframe" frameborder="0" seamless width="100%" height="100%" src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/data-entries/select-input-directives" onload="onSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>

<button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="select-input-directives-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>

> [!NOTE]
If no [`placeholder`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxselectcomponent.html#placeholder) is specified for the Select component and there is no selection made, the `igxLabel` will transition and appear where you would expect the placeholder to be.

### Templating toggle button

> The default arrow can be replaced using a template with the help of [`toggleIconTemplate`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxselectcomponent.html#toggleicontemplate) directive. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default arrow can be replaced by a nested template marked with the `igxSelectToggleIcon` directive or setting a `TemplateRef` to the [`toggleIconTemplate`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxselectcomponent.html#toggleicontemplate) property.

Within the template context you can use the implicit `collapsed` property to determine the visual. For example:
```

```html

> <ng-template igxSelectToggleIcon let-collapsed>

Reviewer: Should be clear the template w/ directive should be inside the component definition.
```suggestion
<igx-select #select>
  ...
  <ng-template igxSelectToggleIcon let-collapsed>
```

    <igx-select-item value="Banana">Banana</igx-select-item>
</igx-select>
```

Another way to do it would be to use a collection of the items that we want to display with the [ngForOf](https://angular.io/api/common/NgForOf) directive:

```typescript
public items: string[] = ["Orange", "Apple", "Banana", "Mango"];
```

```html
<igx-select [(ngModel)]="selected">
    <igx-select-item *ngFor="let item of items" [value]="item">
        {{item}}
    </igx-select-item>
</igx-select>
```
Additionally, the above sample illustrates two-way data-binding via `ngModel`. What is more, you can use the Select component in [`Angular Forms`](#select-in-angular-forms).

### Label, Prefix and Suffix
The Select supports the following directives applicable to the [Input Group](input_group.md):

- `igxLabel` - No need to set the `for` property, as linking with the Select input is handled automatically via `aria-labelledby`.
- `igx-prefix`/`igxPrefix`
- `igx-suffix`/`igxSuffix` - Note the built-in toggle button suffix will always be displayed last.

```html
<igx-select [(ngModel)]="selected">
    <label igxLabel>Pick a fruit</label>
    <igx-prefix>

>         <igx-icon color="green" style="width:48px; height:32px;">BIO</igx-icon>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <span class="bio-prefix">BIO</span>
```

export class AppModule {}
```

Then all that is needed is to define an `igxSelect` and several items.
```html
<!-- define items declaratively -->
<igx-select>
    <igx-select-item value="Orange">Orange</igx-select-item>
    <igx-select-item value="Apple">Apple</igx-select-item>
    <igx-select-item value="Banana">Banana</igx-select-item>
</igx-select>
```

> Alternatively, another way to do it would be to simply pass in a collection of the items that we want to display using [*ngForOf*](https://angular.io/api/common/NgForOf) directive.

Reviewer 2: No need for this to be *italic*. Wrap it in a code block (`ngForOf`)

First, specify a collection of the items that you want to display when the drop-down opens:
```typescript
public items: string[] = ["Orange", "Apple", "Banana", "Mango"];
```

Then in your template you need to bind it with said items like so:
```html
<igx-select [(ngModel)]="selected">
    <igx-select-item *ngFor="let item of items" [value]="item">
        {{item}}
    </igx-select-item>
</igx-select>
```

> Additionally, we are binding via `ngModel` so there is initial `igxSelect` value set.

Reviewer 2: I think this should be a separate section with a bit more explanation, the `ngModel` binding is not to be taken lightly. 
Alternatively, this could be under the "Features" section.
Thoughts?

Author: I can see the benefit from a separate section regarding two-way-binding under Features. However, as the document is already containing too much sections & samples we may consider leaving the current state of it. 

I have made a bit of update on the related two-way binding wording though.

We use an `IgxSelectItemComponent` to display the items that `igx-select` operates on. The `IgxSelectItemComponent` extends the [*IgxDropDownItemComponent*]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdropdownitemcomponent.html) with additional functionality that is specific to the `igx-select-item`.

### Label Prefix and Suffix

> You may have noticed, the `igxSelect` component uses [igx-input-group](input_group.md). This means you can use of it's related directives. Here we are going to utilize `igxLabel`, `igx-prefix` and `igx-suffix`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `igxSelect` component uses the [igx-input-group](input_group.md). This means you can make use of its related directives. Here we are going to utilize `igxLabel`, `igx-prefix` and `igx-suffix`.
```

```html
<igx-select [(ngModel)]="selected">
    <label igxLabel>Pick a fruit</label>
    <igx-prefix>
        <igx-icon color="green" style="width:48px; height:32px;">BIO</igx-icon>
    </igx-prefix>
    <igx-suffix>

>         <igx-icon (click)="clearSelection($event)">{{ selected ? 'clear' : null }}</igx-icon>

Reviewer 2: More regarding to the sample but it would be better if the suffix is not rendered at all, instead of rendering an empty icon.
Something like this:
```html
<igx-suffix *ngIf="selected">
    <igx-icon (click)="clearSelection($event)">clear</igx-icon>
</igx-suffix>
```

    </igx-suffix>
    <igx-select-item *ngFor="let item of items" [value]="item">
        {{item}}
    </igx-select-item>
</igx-select>
```

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height: 350px;">
    <iframe id="select-input-directives-iframe" frameborder="0" seamless width="100%" height="100%" src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/data-entries/select-input-directives" onload="onSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>

<button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="select-input-directives-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>

> [!NOTE]

> If no specific `placeholder` is specified for the `igxSelect` component and there is no selection made, the `igxLabel` will transition and appear where you would expect the placeholder to be.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no `placeholder` is specified for the `igxSelect` component and there is no selection made, the `igxLabel` will transition and appear where you would expect the placeholder to be.
```

> [!NOTE]

> Currently due to a limitation [`igx-hint`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxhintdirective.html) directive can not be used in `igxSelect` component.

Reviewer 2: Again, not exactly related to this PR, but is this still a thing? I remember we added `igx-hint` to the combo, perhaps we can enhance the `igx-select` as well?

Author: https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-angular/issues/5584

As you can see there is also a `scrollStrategy` property that is present in the `customOverlaySettings` object. This ensures that the scrolling functionality of the drop-down works as expected. The scroll will appear every time the total height of all items in the list exceeds the drop-down's height.

Another thing worth mentioning is that `igx-select` uses the `SelectPositioningStrategy` by default.

> > You can pass a variety of positioning strategies to the *positionStrategy* property, you can find them [*here*]({environment:angularApiUrl}/latest/interfaces/ipositionstrategy.html). 

Reviewer: Actually 
```suggestion
> You can pass a [variety of positioning strategies]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/ipositionstrategy.html) to the `positionStrategy` property.
```

```

> ### Select In A Form

Reviewer: ~So that's basically a Select in a **Template-driven form** ?~
```suggestion
### Select In Angular Forms
```

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height: 400px;">
    <iframe id="select-form-iframe" frameborder="0" seamless="" width="100%" height="100%" data-src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/data-entries/select-form" class="lazyload"></iframe>
</div>

<button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="select-form-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>

`igx-select` can also be used inside of a `form` element:

```html
<form>
    <igx-select [(ngModel)]="selected" required>
        ...
        <igx-select-item *ngFor="let fruit of fruits" [value]="fruit">
            {{item}}
        </igx-select-item>
        ...
    </igx-select>
</form>
```

Since we are using two-way binding, your class should look something like this:
```typescript
export class MyClass {
    public fruits: string[] = ["Orange", "Apple", "Banana", "Mango"];

>     public selected: string = "Apple";;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    public selected: string = "Apple";
```

}
```

> ### Use with @angular/forms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `igxSelect` support all of the form directives from the core FormsModule [NgModel](https://angular.io/api/forms/NgModel) and [ReactiveFormsModule](https://angular.io/api/forms/ReactiveFormsModule) (FormControl, FormGroup, etc.). 

Reviewer: Move this on top the form section TBH

> `igxSelect` support all of the form directives from the core FormsModule [*NgModel*](https://angular.io/api/forms/NgModel) and [*ReactiveFormsModule*](https://angular.io/api/forms/ReactiveFormsModule) (FormControl, FormGroup, etc.). 

Reviewer 2: These should not be italic, wrap them in code blocks instead (e.g. `NgModel` instead of *NgModel*)
